Let's keep it going.
Okay, so already kinda designed the schema
out, we talked about it a little bit,
and there's a million ways we can go
with it, none of them are right or
wrong, but
this is kinda the way that I designed it.
But looking at the design, I feel like
there needs to be a product model,
because I might have multiple products
that I wanna post updates about.
So I think we need a product model, cuz
I'm a user, I'm working on this product,
I'm working on that product,
they all have their own separate updates.
So I feel like I need a product model to
keep track of those different products
that I'm trying to show updates for.
So that's what we're gonna do,
let's make our product model.
So if we go back to our code here,
I can say model Product, like this.
And then product also has an ID, so
I'm just gonna just steal from the user,
not a big deal.
Same thing, it also has a createdAt,
I'm gonna take that too.
And then products have a name,
which are gonna be String.
If I wanna put a limit on the characters
of that, I can do something called db,
If you ever use SQL,
you'll know what this is,VarChar.
And I can say something like, I don't
know, whatever limit you want, 255,
which is a very common number in SQL.
It has to do with reaching the maximum
number of an eight bit piece of thing
in memory for indexing, but
you put whatever you want if you want to.
You don't actually have to put
anything if you don't want to.
So I got the name, and
then I need a product to belong to a user.
So I have to set up a relationship here.
So the way that I'm gonna do that is,
one, thing about the relationship.
Is it one-to-one,
one-to-many, many-to-many?
Well, one user can have many products, but
a product can't belong
to more than one user.
So it's a one-to-many
relationship on the product side.
So what I'm gonna say is, first,
I need to define the field in
which the user is referenced.
So I'll call this belongsToId.
And it's gonna be type String.
And the reason I see that is because
it's going to be the ID of the user and
the user's ID is string, so
I think of it the same type.
If the user's ID was number,
I would have to call this number, okay?
And then to set the relationship up,
I'm gonna make another one called
belongsTo ,not the ID part, and I can say
this is gonna be type User like that.
So this is type User.
And then for some attributes here,
I can say relation.
And I can say fields, well, what fields in
this product schema holds the relation?
It's the belongsToId.
And then it's like, okay, cool, and
then what fields on the user
does the belongToId reference?
So I can say references.
It references the ID field on the user.
So just show you that again,
I can say belongs,
To User type relation.
I want the belongsToId to be the field on
a product that holds the relationship,
and I want that to refer
to the ID on the user.
And you'll see that still get this
squiggly, like something's still wrong.
Yeah, we had to set the relationship
on the other side as well.
So we could do that manually, or
if you just go to your terminal,
you can just type out npx prisma format,
like this, and it'll fix it for you.
And what that does is, wait,
I didn't save mine, that sucks.
Let me override it right quick.
Let me try that again.
There we go.
And what that does is you can see that
it added the product onto the user for
us as a mini, cuz it's an array,
it's an array of products.
I don't wanna call it product with a
capital P, so I'm just gonna say products.
I'm gonna pluralize it,
so that's products.
I can change the name of it there
on the left if I don't like it, but
this still has to be
product with an array.
>> Could you explain the difference
between ID and unique?
>> Yes, so the difference between ID and
unique is that you can have more than one.
IDs are also unique.
And you can have more than
one unique field on a model,
but you can't have more than one ID.
And IDs, you could think of it as
the primary, I guess you could think about
it like, I don't know, there might
be a lot of unique things about you.
But the thing that's guaranteed to always
be unique globally is gonna be your
Social Security number, right?
So ID is just basically saying,
this is the primary unique thing for
this instance.
And that's special because a database
is doing optimizations on how it stores
indexes, and it's going to prioritize
things like IDs over other things for
performance reasons.
So it's just an indicator to let
the database know that I need you to
prioritize this when it comes to querying.
It's a performance thing.
>> Are we able to make two references
to the same model from another one?
>> Two references to the same model?
Yeah, you could totally make two
references to the same model as long as
the other reference exist
on the other side as well.
So yeah, there's nothing stopping you.
They just obviously
can't be named the same.